Yes. Godzilla.
Godzilla minus one.
That's the best. Oh, because like...
but then a minus one like i guess it's one of like the first one i've like fully enjoyed
Yeah, I mean I think
I've seen a lot of other ones but like that's kind of like my
favorite one because of the i get the story
No, minus one, not negative one.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, Shin Godzilla. Shin Godzilla is very powerful.
Yeah, but like...
Oh yeah. I like Minus One.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then when it shoots the beam.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's really good. No, it's atomic beam.
atomic beam that's like the number one
Probably one of the most destructive beams ever Godzilla.
But then like, I actually haven't really seen the other ones.
but then like the but then yeah so uncle Mao
So, you like Biollante?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Yeah.
But anyway...
No.
But then, but then Godzilla still destroyed it.
It came out in 1980 something.
about that...
1980.
No, maybe 90, but like around 1980.
No, no.
Biollante only came out once.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, Godzilla versus Biollante. Yeah, it was very good.
No!
Oh, uh. I only watch the clips, but then...
The violante goes like, you know, he'll be going like rarr... but then like...
I guess. But anyway...
Oh, okay.
Uh. Okay. So, back
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So...
Mmmm, I've only heard of it. I've only heard of it.
That's the one where Monster X comes out.
the Monster X's and... but monster didn't come out though...
Monster X is like the skeleton monster thing.
It was quite...
No! that was
Mecha. No monster X is like a skull monster.
I guess I kind of like if you like look it from the front it looks like a
Skull but then if you look at from the side, it looks like a zebra.
Yeah, it's like white and black and it's a red tear in there but and then
What?
Oh.
2004.
Yeah.
So much for final but then like final war it's like
Final War they didn't have another Godzilla movie like 10 years until they had
Godzilla. No, no, no, until...
The first Hollywood Godzilla came out. That's where the Muto, Muto came out.
Yeah, it's like the bat creature.
You don't remember Muto?
Yeah.
No. That was 1980s... That was Zilla Godzilla.
You're talking, like you're talking about Zilla Godzilla. Hollywood God- Godzilla the first one was
the uh... It was...
Yeah, around there.
No, that's when the Zilla Godzilla came out. There's a difference between Zilla Godzilla and Hollywood one.
Maybe it was Hollywood, but like that I'm talking about one of the newer Godzilla the first of them
That series was the 2014 um, Godzilla. Yeah, that one.
It was the one where he found Muto's.
Yeah, yeah. Spider looking.
You don't remember Muto?
Muto.
No, it's not a Godzilla, but the Muto's demonstrably fun.
Oh, I guess. Yeah, but like I'm talking about
Yeah. That one that one. That's I'm. I'm talking about
the first line in like the it was that one and then they had
king of monsters and then they had and then they had
Godzilla versus Kong. And now they have a New Empire. Wait
So. What did you... Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
The Monarch?
Yeah, Monarch. Monarch came out in 2014, I think. And then...
It, it did a lot of stuff in the 2019?
And then it didn't really do much and then the Godzilla versus Kong.
and then it really kind...
Water. What?
Yeah, Monaco is still there.
Yeah, Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. But then he didn't come out in the newest movies.
Mask? There's like the people who are like dealing with them
the monsters and kinda. Remember the guy the, the people were like
They made, they made the orca. The orca.
It's because it's a machine that it costs you know
No, they didn't. There was a one.
No, no they did. There's the ones who were dealing with those monsters.